hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be showing you another study with me but
this one is a weekend edition and
actually it starts in the morning before
school on Friday so when I woke up I lit
my black coconut calendar which my
friend Ruby gave to me and I made myself
some matcha reserve vanilla matcha tea
which is my favorite tea of all time and
then here I was just writing up some RS
notes so this was on pluralism and I
just had to take some notes from my
textbook
[Music]
so then I had read this book on eating
disorders and how they're portrayed in
the Bible and so I was just writing up
the notes and key points which I had
made a note of in my copy of the book
and it's really not Braille on a tool I
think it was about 80 pages so it didn't
take very long to read neither did it
take very long to write the notes and
then when I got home from school I first
of all answered some interview questions
which a viewer had sent me and asked me
to complete for a project that she was
doing for school and so I did this for
about 10 minutes and you might also be
wondering why I started work at 6 and
that's just because this was the time
that I got home from school thought I
was going to go and do some chemistry
questions but I couldn't find the right
page number so I had to stop that and
instead I decided to go through and
highlight this book on sexual ethics
which my teacher gave me so I just made
highlights for all of the things that I
wanted to type up into my notes and then
here I was just adding these specific
bits to my notes
[Music]
you
and then my homework from my other RS
teacher was to go through two websites
and just take some notes so that's what
I'm doing here
[Music]
you
and then I did finish off my coursework
but I decided not to show that this is
the next morning on Saturday and her
breakfast I had some avocado on toast
which was absolutely delicious it's one
of my favorite breakfasts and at the
same time I was reading this book which
I have for sexual ethics again so it's
called is God an ta and it's basically
exploring an alternate Christian
perspective on homosexuality and I found
that it was actually quite interesting
for my RS a level I would recommend it
if you are doing the OCR a level book is
it's really not very long it didn't take
me very long to read but I just I
gathered some really great pieces of
information from it
and then after that I decided to put on
some music and then go and write a
review for the book on Goodreads oh and
the reason what I gave it three stars
that doesn't mean that I didn't like it
I'm just quite critical and it comes to
book so three stars for me means that it
was a good book but four stars is when
it's you know really amazing and five
stars is the best book I've ever read so
then I went through some English
flashcards these are basically the key
quotes that I would like to learn for
the exam and so I am just going through
them and seeing that I can remember them
[Music]
and this morning I went through two sets
of these flashcards one on journey's end
and one on a long long way
[Music]
so then next I did some more work on
these flashcards but I went through
specific pieces of analysis which I
could do if I were to talk about one of
these quotes in an essay and I find this
really useful to practice and I was just
using a whiteboard to write down ideas
but I later decided that it was actually
more valuable to be tested on it and
actually talk about it so I did this
hair but then I changed and instead
decide to skip my mum test me but I
didn't film that then I just tidied up
my workspace before I went downstairs to
also test me as well as testing me on
English my mum also tested me on my
lines for my lambda exam then when I got
back upstairs I decided to do a
chemistry paper and this one was on
thermodynamics I believe so then I had
to make some chemistry notes because I
like to eat them all updated and I am
using the white line speed of this which
is my favourite paper to take chemistry
notes on it's just perfect because your
notes end up looking very static and you
can scan them so that you have a copy of
them
[Music]
after I finished off these notes I
decided to go downstairs and make myself
some popcorn which is one of my favorite
snacks so I got this pop come to make
Christmas from my grandparents and I've
really loved using it recently it's oil
free which means that it's fairly
healthy as well that was all of the
studying that I managed to do on
Saturday because after that I actually
went to my friend Eleanor's because it
was her birthday and so I didn't do any
more studying for the rest of the
evening but this is on Sunday morning
and I just started off by writing an
extension essay on eating disorders for
RS this isn't something which is on our
specification but I recently read a book
about biblical approaches to eating
disorders and I found it really
interesting so I decided that I would
write a quick essay on this
on Sunday I didn't start work until
about 9:00 or 10:00 and I didn't end up
finishing it until about 12 which meant
that I couldn't do anything else before
I left to go and see Jade so some of you
of course will know unjaded Jade and
some of you might also know that the two
of us met up recently and filmed a few
videos together but when I got back from
seeing Jade I decided to make a Quizlet
on transition metals then after that I
decided to write out a quick s a plan
for revealed and natural theology this
is one of my best ways of revising for
RS I like making essay plans and doing
them without notes to see how much I can
remember and seeing as this was a topic
that I haven't revised for about six or
seven months I was pretty pleased with
how much that I remembered and then
after that I did a quick essay plan on
comradeship in a long long way and the
war poems that we are studying for
English but that's all of the studying
that I managed to do over the weekend I
really hope that you enjoyed this video
and I hope that you're able to use it as
a means of productivity or motivation so
thank you again and have a productive
week
you